(Book)
No one...
I've found some new strange objects from Japan
You know this country is completely normal
If you use LSD.
And to celebrate it...
First of all, a toy to learn
how to eat fish
using chopsticks
I thought a game was supposed to be fun
this is the worst present ever
Merry Christmas! Here, a toy.
Can I switch families?
No.
When you say Japan you think of technology
with this little box
which works like an alarm
but shouts out a message of your choice
very useful to remember stuff
kind of like a post-it note only hundred times more expensive
I'm going to record a message that you guys send me everyday by email
so that it really sticks in my head
MAKE MORE VIDEOS!
Now if I just put that there...
(MAKE MORE VIDEOS)!
Shut up.
Antoine Daniel I bequeath it to you
another object just not technological
that Japanese turned into one
A table tennis bat
Which makes the noise of a table tennis game
(MAKE MORE VIDEOS!)
What am I doing now?!
A little advice for you
If, on a rainy day, you see a guy like this
It might be that this guy has an umbrella
with this inside it
a girl's skirt.
You all know this, erm, what's it called...
Anyway people do what they want... but you just have to stay away from schools...
Please don't call the police...
I'll hide in her knickers...
We cannot skip a musical moment with a noble, dignified instrument
Oh wait, no, it's a plush toy.
Unless...
No, I will not play this thing like an instrument
There needs to be at least some percussion, I don't know...
In concert every night, at my place!
No doubt NO-ONE plays this instrument...
Option 1: A jewellery box
Option 2: A box of sweets
Option 3: A cat who wants to rob you.
It was option 3!
And you can even trick it...
Ah got you! He's so stupid.
Now here's a thing that I would have dreamed to have had in high school
because in classes I spent my time like this
(Life is hard)
But it was hard to constantly support your head like that
It creates tension in your arm
because school is hard and the Japanese have understood
The relaxation arm
Thank you, Japan
Like this I can do what I want with both my hands
Like for example...
Nothing.
High five
"A relaxation arm, so cute!" Stop the bullsh*t, ok!
There's more serious stuff in life!
Like when you want to look at your smartphone in bed but your arms hurt, there you go!
Let's focus on the important stuff, thank you!
Thanks to these arms designed for smartphones
which charge your phone as well, it's very clever
I can watch, in my bed, videos on human reproduction whilst having my hands free.
(This man is a as*hole, don't follow his example)
(Japanese beauty moment)
Last time I asked you not to take screenshots,
and you didn't obey at all.
This time I ask you, please don't spread my face around
I'm counting on you, I do this for you
It doesn't look very good on the box...
This 'Hannibal Lecter' mask is supposed to work out your face
thanks to three minutes of exercise per day
it say it on the box.
It firms up your face muscles
but they've forgotten a small secondary effect...
which is here
Before the face exercise mask
After the face exercise mask. (Buy it!)
No screenshots, ok! I'm counting on you
There's even a little battery. (It vibrates)
And you use it for three minutes a day
Ah, three minutes, like the Hannibal Lecter mask.
so you can combine them to get even more out of it!
Oh, sorry, I was just...
(MAKE MORE VIDEOS!)
Did you want something, or...?
No
This is my life
It's time to look at something a lot more entertaining
Robot fight
After the thumb robots, now we have remote controlled ones
It's great!
(Goodbye cruel world)
He fell over on his own
That was beautiful!
Stop! I'm gonna fall!
STOP!
Superhero pose
What does this do?
It's in Japanese, I'll take a photo
???The rotation of the wheel of explosion ???...
What ?!
There!
(He has just understood the meaning of life)
This is what the wheel is for, it puts the robot in fire mode
You see how high it gets in fire mode
(He sees a naked woman for the first time)
Winner takes all. Hold on...
Eh oh oh....respect...
Rather than doing impressive stuff this stuff is gracious....
High five ! one ,two ,three...
What's great about Japan, is that they are one step ahead of fashion
Here for example, what do you need to be stylish ? A cap...
Pff... it sucks...
Japanese have better: an inflatable samurai helmet!
Elegant, discreet... goes well with any type of outfit
Can save you from drowning!
Okay, I know what you guys are gonna say...
"Well, Cyprien you got a samurai helmet but no armor, it sucks!"
And I agree, you guys are totally right ...
Here look at this awesome samourai armor ...in  cardboard
Again I know what you're gonna say : "But Cyprien, if only you were a little more ... intimidating"
With a mask of a Dragon Ball Z character for example...
And I absolutely agree!
It smells like toilets...ok ...for Youtube
I think it's actually a beauty mask, for skin. Do I look like Freezer?
I'm Freezer's Romanian cousin.
Here I am, ready to fight the world, me samurai Freezer, with this thing...this arm..
(MAKE MORE VIDEOS !)
I...
Yeah... come back later... (This man is 27 years old)
Mom, if you happen to see this video, I still see my psychologist...don't worry...
I hope I'm extremely attractive, I have no doubts
It's a huge honour to have so many people follow me on Youtube
to do very serious things, as you can see.
You might know this already, but when you get 10 million subscribers,
Youtube sends you a diamond play button
even if I think it's made of metal but it looks like a diamond anyway
So maybe, thanks to you, I'll be the first French person to get this button
Who knows, it might be someone else, I don't know
But anyway, if it happens, it'll be amazing
It will happen. Thank you again.
I'll see you very soon in the next video.
Because I believe I have a very expensive post-it that'll remind me.
High five.
Thank you